A series of small-ish changes (#6856)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/data-apis/manage-data/manage-data-retention.mdx

  </tbody>
</table>

## Metrics and infrastructure data [#data-details]

Here are some details about how metrics and infrastructure data are stored and retained: 

<CollapserGroup>

  <Collapser
    id="dimensional-metrics"
    title="Dimensional metrics (Metric API)"
  >

> Raw [dimensional metric](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/new-relic-data-types/#dimensional-metrics) data (the `Metric` data type) is aggregated (rolled up) at different time ranges and those aggregations are retained for different lengths of time. Raw sub-minute dimensional metric data is stored for 30 days. 1-minute resolution roll-up data is created and that's retained for 13 months. Only the raw data ingest counts towards usage: the aggregated data does not.

Reviewer: Will readers know what "sub-minute" dimensional metric data is?

Author: good point. lol. it's awkward phrasing.

> Raw [dimensional metric](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/new-relic-data-types/#dimensional-metrics) data (the `Metric` data type) is aggregated (rolled up) at different time ranges and those aggregations are retained for different lengths of time. Raw sub-minute dimensional metric data is stored for 30 days. 1-minute resolution roll-up data is created and that's retained for 13 months. Only the raw data ingest counts towards usage: the aggregated data does not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raw [dimensional metric](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/new-relic-data-types/#dimensional-metrics) data (the `Metric` data type) is aggregated, or rolled up, at different time ranges. Those aggregations are retained for different lengths of time. Raw sub-minute dimensional metric data is stored for 30 days. One-minute resolution roll-up data is created and  retained for 13 months. Only the raw data ingest counts towards usage: the aggregated data does not.
```
